When will Luther from the umbrella acamdy gon get his brain back
@247Kofi @gyaigyimii Manhunt: Deadly Games  World's Most Wanted Umbrella Academy Warrior Nun All dey der!
he's the Worf of Umbrella Aacademy
@ArtValley818_ Bringing an umbrella to a flag fight
just saw someone walk by my apartment with an umbrella? Is the news telling you guys to use umbrellas now?
I need the umbrella academy dvd box set in my life loved watching on Netflix @UmbrellaAcad
I dont even know what the meaning behind the Sparrow Academy is- The Umbrella Academy is called that be… 
Umbrella Academy season 2 certifiable TRASH and no I'm not giving it a fifth chance
@Shanzaf As the officer enters into bar wearing a Chiefs blazer showing his association with a college at mall with…
WAIT THE DAD IN THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY IS AN ALIEN??? WTF
@netflixturkiye 1. Anne With An E 2. La Casa De Papel  3. Body Guard  4. Stranger Things 5. The Umbrella Academy
@chrishunter94 Hahaha that's pathetic. Tin pot sports "bar" for a tin pot team. Its as impressive as their performa… 
@whodathomo I’ma watch it after finish season 2 of Umbrella Academy. They ain’t pulling that 4 episode **** on 7DS… 
@illumigf ISNT THAT 5 FROM THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY??????
The Umbrella Academy Season 02 2020 - Complete Series
So is @spillygoat19 a @Mariners fan? That umbrella was should be purple  @MILEHIMARC @Rockies @Schesh11 
The umbrella academy is such a good show if u havent seen it please do cant wait for season 3
@jxeker Just finished umbrella academy and was so lost and then I found this tweet thank u x
S-senpai! It’s raining really hard, I don’t think you should walk without an umbrella.. M-Mine’s kind of small so we’ll have to squeeze but…
I just finished watching 2nd season of umbrella academy and I'm in love with this show
I’ve never watched the umbrella academy does it rain a lot or..
Is umbrella academy good?
@plewis1956 @johncardillo Small fraction?  Are you blind deaf and dumb to what’s going on in Portland every day?  A… 
@R_Bavington @barrysd @AlexMFornal @Sambrow03835985 It’s how the human race had coped for thousands of years. This… 
@Umbrella_Music_ I hope it's not as well, glad to hear you're doin well
Umbrella Academy S02 👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾! Perfect ending.
Those are umbrella strollers for toddlers! 
I want to do one of those fancam things but I don't know who to pick. I was thinking Allison Hargreeves from Umbrel… 
Finally gave Umbrella Academy a go and I forgot how brilliant Robert Sheehan is
The Umbrella Academy....get into it.
@chesleydohl @LionelMedia It takes awhile to train dumb homo sapians to perform on command. This is just one of the… 
@QTRBlackGarrett You share your thoughts on Umbrella Academy yet? I didn’t catch it if so
why is the umbrella academy so damn good? 😫
I had a dream that I too was part of the umbrella academy AND I specifically stood up next to Five and said "oh we'… 
@Umbrella_Music_ Glad to see you're doing well too 🙌🏾
I got Klaus Hargreeves! 
@BigBoyLee15 FML I'M TALKING ABOUT FIVE FROM UMBRELLA ACADEMY
Umbrella Academy be all 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: PRICE FIRM Crown &amp; Ivy Colorblock Umbrella Sweater.… 
@28shawtss I’m joking I got you 😭. Prison break, total drama island and the umbrella academy
What is Umbrella Academy please? #netflix #umbrellaacademy
Umbrella Academy s2 was messy. The overall story lacked a good flow to it.
@AND_IM_GONE Really got time travel on the brain bc of Umbrella Academy, eh? Lol
6.5 ft. Acrylic Fiberglass Beach Umbrella – Wood Pole Forest 
Started Umbrella Academy again as only watched 3 or 4 eps when it first came out (I have no idea why I didn't watch… 
watching umbrella academy turning into sparrow academy 
The Umbrella Academy making me cry in the club
I know Umbrella Academy just came out but when are they giving us season 3?
From Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat of X-men to Vanya Hargreaves/The White Violin of The Umbrella Academy.  Can we all just… 
@KyleTreasure you know the rule - always have an umbrella.
and in s3 of the umbrella academy when we get to see the full scope of klaus’ powers.... then what
From the looks of things on here, I might as well start looking at Umbrella Academy. Is it really that good?
@NoMiCielas The Umbrella Academy en Netflix. ☂
If I could choose to have one power from The Umbrella Academy it would be Fives time travel.
@brianpaddick @TJQ73 @gmhales No County lines is the umbrella for all for drug trafficking using a type of MO inc… 
@BrianRoemmele The Umbrella Academy.  i just binged the 2 seasons... makers of crop circles for decades.;)
why do so many people hate aiden gallagher from the umbrella academy is it bc of his character or something he did?… 
@TheNerdCouncil_ Wait in terms of what the strongest member of the Umbrella Academy?
I need S3 of the Umbrella Academy and S5 of Money Heist NEOWWWW
@benFranklin2018 I would say they've been on the GOP's side for a lot longer than Trump. The run up to Iraq proved… 
@disappointedam8 @SwankierSinatra @justinamash Do a little more research. Umbrella man isn’t even on the radar
The Umbrella Academy 10/10 recommended 👏🏽 both seasons don’t disappoint
@netflixturkiye 1-prison 2-Viking  3- The End of the F***ing World 4-the umbrella academy  5-peaky
the fact you can call duterte a "leftist" is actually a massive argument against using that term as if its actually… 
Been watching Umbrella Academy. How did you guys enjoy it? All the siblings ever do is mope and bicker, it's really annoying
I need another show to watch now that I finished The Umbrella Academy
So I reached Episode 3 of Umbrella Academy and I'm SCREAMING. It's always the neutral one's that I'm attracted to
Umbrella Academy on @netflix is really nice . Check it out
I got Allison Hargreeves!
Umbrella academy has a slow start but by episode 5 I was super invested
why does that kid from umbrella academy walk like he’s in a video game
My brother, dating a village girl is cool until she finally visit you and she enters the shower with an umbrella. B… 
Finished umbrella academy season 2 already 🤦🏾‍♂️ the very end tho 🥴kmt
The Umbrella Academy is confusing af
@Rafemaybanks Umbrella academy and stranger things (:
told myself ill sleep after i finish umbrella academy but guess who's reading theories now 🤡
Trying to find some more mutuals/friends! Retweet or comment if you like any of the following :)  -Hamilton -Ben P… 
I had someone tell me months ago to watch umbrella academy and now I’m mad I ain’t listen to them sooner
Im trying everything not to finish the Umbrella Academy. I guess this would be a good time to start P Valley
@DanaSchwartzzz Wait, are you against the reverential umbrella term of badass (which I've personally never heard ap… 
@g33klady Did you like second season better than the first? I’ve been hesitant to start season 2. But I just finish… 
to knows are moving from the development and less jitterines… Congrats!! RT Lady Gaga's documentary "Gaga: Five Foo… 
umbrella academy said gay rights and i appreciate them for that
@UmbrellaAcad I love how every character in Umbrella Academy is a trained mixed martial arts fighter 😂
diego, not using an umbrella at your fathers funeral does not make you more emo
I don’t understand umbrella academy at all but I can’t stop watching it
Finishing up #UmbrellaAcademy2 today. Let’s see what earburn song they get stuck in my head :D 
umbrella academy season 2 suuuuuuuuuuuuuuucks
@KittenSaverNsfw like yes theres overlap, trans is an umbrella. but nb and binary trans people dont share the same… 
@AUDELlNE aw she was umbrella academy 🥺🥺 my faves 🥺🥺
@JoshuaACNewman @tabali_tigi I don’t know ab Samaritans being under that umbrella if imma be honest
moms &amp; i really been watching umbrella academy since this morning &amp; we still goin. lol 🖤
THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY showrunner reveals big plans for SEASON 3: 
@johannaramm On My Block, Umbrella Academy, and Dare Me
I've just watched episode S02E10 of The Umbrella Aca...! #umbrellaacademy  #tvtime 
Even though #Netflix has yet to order it, #TheUmbrellaAcademy showrunner Steve Blackman has big plans for a third s… 
i was really into klaus &amp; ben last season of umbrella academy, but its just something about diego with long hair an… 
@Mongraal Umbrella academy Stranger things  Peaky blinders  Irishman  Money heist  Hell boy  47 meters down
@amiejennifer Umbrella academy got me lol, will do tho!!!
I got Number Five!! 
Just started the umbrella academy did not know it was about that comic, coolio. Also i am sensing incest-y vibes be… 
what if 3racha as umbrella academy 🤔 
Just finished Umbrella Academy 2. I’m leaving this planet I’m done. 🚶🏻‍♀️
I got "Klaus"! Which Member Of "The Umbrella Academy" Are You? 🤔 
#homesupplies #homesweethome Rainbow Umbrella with Shoulder Bag 
Woahh i learned a new trivia about Umbrella Academy. Their numbers were assigned according to their power in descen… 
@Lillithnlopers @Rebelde_Mormon @gaymutualist @CountDorku It's not, though. Anti-theism is an umbrella term for sev… 
give me season 3 of umbrella academy right NOW!
If my mom don't leave me alone about some damn umbrella like it's not summer.
If you dont watch umbrella academy do you even fw yourself ?
Can we talk a minute about how kick ass the soundtrack was for season 2 of The Umbrella Academy? #UmbrellaAcademy #Netflix
just wondering if Diego's original superpower is ever gonna show-up in The Umbrella Academy because it's the most-nonsense power &amp; i love it
It’s the umbrella academy worth watching?! Ask for a friend
@dreaaa @BuckAngel No, trans is actually a condition under the intersex umbrella. Trans is not a matter of gender i… 
gyal you have di formula my rain fi wet up yuh umbrella🎶
Umbrella Academy getting me tight.
I've just watched episode S02E10 of The Umbrella Aca...! #umbrellaacademy  #tvtime 
@dcislamabad Where is umbrella?
Starting Umbrella Academy now, hope all you lot telling me it's good weren't lying
Next up is #DoomPatrol season 2, then after that back to Umbrella season 2
I liked this season 2 of umbrella academy cause the characters were less annoying sans luther
@KittenSaverNsfw ... do people not realize that nb is never excluded from bisexuality? like bi, to my knowledge, m… 
/    . . . . .  . . i know i said i was gonna make an acc soon but dude i've only been able to think about umbrella academy help me
@victor_dimude_x I have watched some of them.... umbrella academy im not sure about think it looks trash from the p… 
Okay 2nd season of umbrella academy was pretty good
@mharvey816 Don't forget your umbrella.
PM Thunderstorms tomorrow! Don't forget your umbrella! (Salford)
I’m gonna get into The Umbrella Academy after I’m done watching season 10 of Shameless
The music choices in the Umbrella Academy is so good
Abba Patio Outdoor Patio Market Table Umbrella with Push Button Tilt and Crank, 7-1 2 Feet, Beige… 
gonna start s2 of the umbrella academy yes yes
I’m so proud of Vanya on Season 2 of umbrella academy
Umbrella Acedemy season 2 is the only source of serotonin in my life rn🤷‍♀️
@John_Sabol Sad. Just don’t understand why the pivoted so quickly after releasing schedule. BIGGEST issue was no un… 
I do not like Luther on The Umbrella Academy.
I’m really upset i have to wait another 2 years for Umbrella Academy
my family just had an argument over whether you can marry your adopted siblings. thanks umbrella academy
Daniela Andrade’s cover of crazy has been stuck in my head since I heard it on umbrella academy. It’s so good 
just found out they’ve cancelled umbrella academy i am so happy 
@heavyspoilers @YouTube Enjoyed this! And properly enjoyed Umbrella Academy, you got any other recommendations of s… 
@yeahitsezra need I remind you that the umbrella academy literally exists
@reevencarl Anne, Dark, I'm not okay with this, Stranger Things e The umbrella academy
Fun fact, forced marriages fall under the umbrella of human trafficking, so when you see human trafficking statisti… 
Let me watch the umbrella academy and see what all the hype is about.
I'm caught up with umbrella academy I need moreeeee Vanya and Melissa are great &lt;3
@CalicoGil It’s getting peeped and rates next. Just gotta get done with umbrella academy.
On a more positive note: I started my ARC of Her Big City Neighbor (Cider Bar Sisters, Book 1; out Sep 8) by… 
@elmslie_ im getting purple vibes from u like ☂️ cause like u seem like youd have that umbrella cause u seem like a purple person
While I still don’t see this as ‘confirmation’ (the in-game post in question doesn’t mention the August 27th date t… 
The Umbrella Academy is one of those rare shows whereby S2 was better than S1. Can't wait to see the next one!
Some days the Holy Spirit will amp up your soul and your soar throughout the day or a season. and other times, He's… 
@nobodys__angel Anyway, after EXO M ALSO blew up in their faces, SM probably began seriously preparing the NCT conc… 
Everyone in Umbrella academy has a really punchable face. Why do people get so hyped for season 2?
@UROCKlive1 If you want the Russia vaccine it is delivered by umbrella tip
@GuitarmoogMusic I will order an EU drone to hover over your place in umbrella mode. Taxpayers' Alliance will foot the bill
Visit @Pier17NY's mini lawns of artificial turf with cabana-style lounge chairs, an expansive shade umbrella, and a… 
The Umbrella Academy is really good 🔥
so do i want to watch umbrella academy??
Yall need to watch the umbrella academy ❗️
@Alfiebiggs @DaveSSharp Umbrella Acedemy. Blasted through Fear City last week as was only 3 episodes, and the Mrs didn’t want to watch it.
I’m obsessed with The Umbrella Academy😍 #theumbrellaacademy
i really fought with that umbrella for absolutely no reason 🌸☂️ @danielhowell #phanart 
@hentaijackieee The second season of umbrella academy is out! And no problem!!
@Ayojunior02 Lol. I haven't watched black lightening. But umbrella academy was a captivating one for me
Rolls Royce umbrella I’m hoping it rain
Umbrella academy hurting my head yo 😩
@TupeckParrot @TheTiels @DarwinTiel @ChesterTheTiel @JasonBudgie @Umbrella_Too @Ziggy_n_Flower @FlockIsFamily… 
The umbrella just is the cherry on top. lol 
currently watching umbrella academy still on season 1 and i just wanna say ppl who in real life can see spirits i r… 
I don’t watch Netflix movies or shows fr umbrella academy is the only show I’ll binge watch
i still cant get over how much better the season 2 of umbrella academy was omgh
Finalized my umbrella! Needed a red and black one for several of my precets, plus, the duck is dope 
The umbrella academy season 2 is on Netflix 🙌🏽
The Umbrella Academy  I'd probably need to get in Number 5's good Grace's to survive cause Chile that world is ghe… \
THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY LEEEEEEEEEE
The queers of #TheUmbrellaAcademy get second chances thanks to time travel. 
@StressedUmbrelo @spookieghostie Dude she looks so cute and you did an amazing job on the umbrella!!
@Bullfrogr It's really an umbrella term for polytheistic beliefs in my opinion. In my case, I don't believe in pers… 
Working on The Umbrella Academy would be a dream come true.
For those Umbrella academy lovers there's also the comic that has a pretty cool art style
People have been acting entirely too obtuse for me lately. Every statement ever made does NOT need to be and inclus… 
Umbrella academy just there 😕
 You know this reminds me of the comic loading thing and Fumi offers Ichie a places under her umbrel… 
his brain is so Large 
@LUNCHCLUBPHOBIC @lotus_system Non binary is literally an umbrella term for ANY genders outside of 100℅ binary male… 
@breakmalewife I GET EMBARRASED USING AN UMBRELLA
The Umbrella Academy is really good as shit😫‼️
i did NOT just see someone say lesbian is an umbrella term...........
@LUNCHCLUBPHOBIC @lotus_system @suchafckinshame correct, but it does include third gender people. its an umbrella t… 
8/11/2020 1) Umbrella Academy season 2 soundtrack 2) more packing 3) Criminal Minds 4) Jack Whitehall’s new Netflix special 5) matcha latte
@makdaniell knowing me i’d just pull out that umbrella and sing ELLLA ELLA ELLA AYE AYE UNDER MY UMBRELLA
Sorry for spoilers but I just finished season 1 of Umbrella Academy and the monkey deserved to die. Could have solv… 
@Tsar_amongKings Okay first off who calls Umbrella Academy chuo cha mwavuli💀
I LOVE THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY
@KyleJEngel @tookerout @TechDaddy @SenSchumer @b0yle @realDonaldTrump No, he's an imbecile who wants to do stuff he… 
Can you make group chats on Twitter!! I need to make an umbrella academy group chat!! So I can vent and get other p… 
got caught in the rain with no umbrella and had to run home this is the first time i’ve done any sport since i graduated highschool
Srill havent been able to start season2 of Umbrella Academy yet 😒
Umbrella Academy wasn’t all that to me
@BabyBlueBilly My I recommend the Umbrella Academy
bisexuals who stan and love lila from the umbrella academy 
Aretha Franklin - Won't Be Long (The Umbrella Academy Season 2)  via @YouTube
Watching the Umbrella Academy and Luther has BIG loser energy🤭
The Umbrella Academy season 2: Why Allison really says "I heard a rumour" 
If u dont fancy Diego from the umbrella academy u got issues 
NOT ME CRYING AT THE UMBRELLA ACCEDEMY NFJD
The umbrella academy on Netflix 
I've just watched episode S01E09 of The Umbrella Aca...! #tvtime
@EvoGamesnosh @mirta0001 @Grummz There really isn't.  Individual responsibility is still the name of the game.  I d… 
The umbrella academy did Alison so bold the whole show I heard a rumor this was bullshit!!!! I heard a rumor she deserved better!!!!!!!!
@nisaxbaris To riverdale stranger things friends legacies Alex and katie caos outer banks  shadow hunters elite  te… 
Will Vanya escape her FBI imprisonment? Diego finds out the truth about the apocalypse? Brett Hoover and Lance Need… 
Pls not whilst im outside and umbrella-less 
The prime example? "Oh, well, 'katana' just means 'Japanese sword'!" EXCEPT THAT IT ****ING DOESN'T "Nihonto" is… 
isn’t this the dude from umbrella academy 
@NatashaBertrand Will need an umbrella to read this one !
Wait so the dad a alien in umbrella academy